What this Lin Fan
Did the money really attack Mr. Song?
I mean, she's his real mother.
Dear guests
Our Ming family has nothing to do with this party
It's really unfortunate
Now I declare
8 years of Ningfan Group everything
Immediately expelled from the group
Hahaha good
Lin Fan, have I wronged you?
As project owner
In terms of funding, of course I have to choose all the control
And I used myself to make a hundred times more money
Make up the investment
Anything less is not unreasonable
That's right, it really can't be counted as embezzlement.
Then I ask you
This information
How do you explain that?
It's okay, please pick and do business
Line up the land in Dongshan and buy wild trees
The name of the 18 cups in the flyer is also my mother
I did all that for you
As long as you attack step by step, you can go straight
What is persistence
You die
I'm your mother
You don't deserve it.
You killed my father
I'm not happy with Chunhua
robbery